Escape all user input that is part of an NQL query (#98)
neptune-ai/neptune-fetcher: README.md

## API reference

### Supported regular expressions

> Neptune uses the [RE2](https://github.com/google/re2) regular expression library. Please refer to
> the official [syntax guide](https://github.com/google/re2/wiki/syntax) for more information on
> the supported regex features and limitations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Neptune uses the [RE2](https://github.com/google/re2) regular expression library. For supported regex features and limitations, see the official [syntax guide](https://github.com/google/re2/wiki/syntax).
```

| `ascending`                | `bool`, optional                              | `False`             | Whether to sort the entries in ascending order of the sorting column values.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |
| `progress_bar`             | `bool`, `Type[ProgressBarCallback]`, optional | `None`              | Set to `False `to disable the download progress bar, or pass a type of ProgressBarCallback to [use your own progress bar](https://docs.neptune.ai/usage/querying_metadata/#using-a-custom-progress-bar). If set to `None` or `True`, the default tqdm-based progress bar will be used.                                                             |

> | `query`                    | `str`, optional                               | `None`              | NQL query string. Example: `"(accuracy: float > 0.88) AND (loss: float < 0.2)"`. The query is applied on top of other criteria like, `custom_ids`, `tags` etc, using the logical AND operator. Please see the examples below. For syntax, see [Neptune Query Language](https://docs.neptune.ai/usage/nql/) in Neptune docs.                                                       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `query`                    | `str`, optional                               | `None`              | NQL query string. Example: `"(accuracy: float > 0.88) AND (loss: float < 0.2)"`. The query is applied on top of other criteria like, `custom_ids`, `tags` etc, using the logical AND operator. See examples below. For syntax, see [Neptune Query Language](https://docs.neptune.ai/usage/nql/) in the Neptune docs.                                                       |
```

)
```

> Fetch runs with a complex query using NQL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fetch runs with a complex query using NQL:
```

| `ascending`                | `bool`, optional                              | `False`             | Whether to sort the entries in ascending order of the sorting column values.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |
| `progress_bar`             | `bool`, `Type[ProgressBarCallback]`, optional | `None`              | Set to `False `to disable the download progress bar, or pass a type of ProgressBarCallback to [use your own progress bar](https://docs.neptune.ai/usage/querying_metadata/#using-a-custom-progress-bar). If set to `None` or `True`, the default tqdm-based progress bar will be used.                                                             |

> | `query`                    | `str`, optional                               | `None`              | NQL query string. Example: `"(accuracy: float > 0.88) AND (loss: float < 0.2)"`. The query is applied on top of other criteria like, `custom_ids`, `tags` etc, using the logical AND operator. Please see the examples below. For syntax, see [Neptune Query Language](https://docs.neptune.ai/usage/nql/) in Neptune docs.                                                       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `query`                    | `str`, optional                               | `None`              | NQL query string. Example: `"(accuracy: float > 0.88) AND (loss: float < 0.2)"`. The query is applied on top of other criteria like, `custom_ids`, `tags` etc, using the logical AND operator. See examples below. For syntax, see [Neptune Query Language](https://docs.neptune.ai/usage/nql/) in the Neptune docs.                                                       |
```

)
```

Fetch experiments with a complex query using NQL. Note that the `\` character needs to be escaped in the resulting NQL query
for the backend to interpret the argument correctly.

```python
experiments_df = my_project.fetch_experiments_df(
    query='(`learning_rate`:float < 0.01) AND (`sys/name`:string MATCHES "experiment-\\\\d+")'
)
```

> Using raw Python strings is a less cluttered alternative:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the Neptune Query Language to fetch experiments with a complex query. Note that for regular strings, the `\` character needs to be escaped:

```python
experiments_df = my_project.fetch_experiments_df(
    query='(`learning_rate`:float < 0.01) AND (`sys/name`:string MATCHES "experiment-\\\\d+")'
)
```

As a less cluttered alternative, you can pass a raw Python string to the `query` argument:

```

)
```

> Fetch experiments with a complex query using NQL. Note that we're using a raw Python string, and the `\` character is escaped to be properly interpreted.
> 
> ```python

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fetch experiments with a complex query using NQL.

> **Note:** Because we're using a raw Python string, the `\` character must be escaped.

```python
```
